Add MCAP docs page (#11011)
rerun-io/rerun: docs/content/getting-started/mcap.md

Each layer extracts different types of information from the MCAP source:

- **`raw`**: Logs the unprocessed message bytes as Rerun blobs without any interpretation
- **`schema`**: Extracts metadata about channels, topics, and schemas
- **`stats`**: Extracts file-level metrics like message counts, time ranges, and channel statistics
- **`protobuf`**: Automatically decodes protobuf-encoded messages using reflection
- **`ros2msg`**: Provides semantic conversion of common ROS2 message types into Rerun's visualization components
- **`recording_info`**: Extracts recording metadata such as message counts, start time, and session information

By default, Rerun processes MCAP files with all layers active to provide the most comprehensive view of your data. You can also choose to activate only specific layers that are relevant to your use case.

For a detailed explanation of how each layer works and when to use them, see [Layers Explained](mcap/layers-explained.md).

## Supported message formats

> Rerun provides automatic visualization for common ROS2 message types, ROS1 message types are not currently supported for semantic interpretation through any layer.
> 
> Protobuf messages are automatically decoded for structured access, while unsupported message types remain available as raw bytes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rerun provides automatic visualization for common ROS2 message types, ROS1 message types are not currently supported for semantic interpretation through any layer.

Protobuf messages are automatically decoded into Arrow structs, but for now will only show up in the selection panel and in the dataframe view. The contents of these MCAP files can also be queried using the Dataframe API.

Unsupported message types (such as ROS1 messages) remain available as raw bytes in Arrow format.
```

> 

Reviewer: I think it would help to add a screenshot here that shows some of the structured raw Arrow data from the selection panel.
